[PAG-1976] Sync generator tool with newest api changes (#18)
mendix/widgets-tools: packages/generator-widget/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ## [9.20.0] - 2022-12-01

Reviewer: I just noticed this: the version headers in the changelog are added as part of the release process, when everything under `[Unreleased]` gets moved to a header for that specific release. Adding this header manually (with a somewhat arbitrary prediction for a release date ;)) breaks that process, please remove it :).

@jeffersonRibeiro This reminds me that I'm not seeing any release notes for `assignableTo` under `Unreleased`, we definitely need to fix that before the 9.20 release of the tools as well 🙈.

Author: @tamelbrun fixed

### Changed

> -   We now pass the Studio Pro version to the structure mode preview function
> 
> -   We added the ability to make dropzone headers in structure mode previews optional

Reviewer: @takumagott To speed things along, here's my suggestion for an information-packed changelog:
```suggestion
- We have updated the signature of the structure mode preview function in `generator-widget` to include the Studio Pro version, which is passed in Mendix 9.20 and above (and in 9.18.3+, but not 9.19).
- We have added support to the `DropZoneProps` type in `generator-widget` for the ability to make dropzone headers in structure mode previews optional, which was added in Mendix 9.20.
```
We would like to release the 9.20 versions of both packages very soon.
